Jaxrs tck tests (#108)
eclipse/microprofile-telemetry: tracing/tck/README.adoc

----

== Declaring the Tests to run

> There are multiple groups of optional tests. Thses include: 
> 
> * `B3` and `Jaeger` progagation formats. 
> 
> These tests are present in the `optional-tests` group but a MicroProfile-Telemetry implementation is not required to pass these tests in order to be considered a valid implementation.
> 
> * Use of JAX-RS server async programming models.
> 
> These tests depend on `Jakarta Concurrency` JaxRs`ManagedExecutorService`
> If you wish to disable them, you can exclude the group e.g. create a file `tck-suite.xml` in your project which contains the following content:

Reviewer: I think this needs a little more detail about when and why tests should be excluded.

```suggestion
There are multiple groups of optional tests. These include: 

* `optional-tests`: `B3` and `Jaeger` progagation formats. 
+
These tests test the B3 and Jaeger propagation formats which are not required. If your implementation does not include support for these propagation formats, you should exclude the `optional-tests` group.

* `optional-jaxrs-tests` JAX-RS server async programming models
+
Although support for JAX-RS server async programming models is not optional, these tests depend on Jakarta Concurrency because they use `ManagedExecutorService`.
+
If you are testing in an environment which does not provide Jakarta Concurrency, you should exclude the `optional-jaxrs-tests` group.

Test groups can be excluded in the TestNG XML file. E.g. create a file `tck-suite.xml` in your project which contains the following content:
```

Reviewer: Note: the `+` between paragraphs makes the paragraph part of the bullet point.
